In the beginning our code looks
quite straightforward and simple,
but the more features we add, the more lines
of code we write, the more messy it gets. So
it can be quite useful to add comments inside the
code. So that later on, you remember what you were
thinking, when you were writing this code. There
are two options to do this. The first one is a
so-called single line comment. This we can already
see here, in line two. We simply use two slashes
and then we can add our comment, but this can
only be one line of comments. If i add a new line,
this is not a comment anymore. We can
immediately see this when we use the Visual
Studio Code editor, because here in the code
highlighting, we can see that this line is now
marked as a green, as a comment line. And
the next line again is a normal code line.
But sometimes you need to write a
little bit longer comments. Then we have
multi-line comments. Therefore, we use the slash
an asterisk and another one. And then we have a
start and an end element and then inside we can
now write multiple lines of code of comments.
And can write as long, as many comments as you
want. These comment features are interesting for
documenting our code, but they're also interesting
for developing code, because sometimes you're
adding features and then you realize there's a
problem inside the code or you want to experiment
with your code. And then it can be quite
interesting to comment out certain parts of your
code. For example if i don't want this background
function to be called, i can simply add these two
slashes in the front and now it's a comment and
not a code line anymore. And i can simply remove
this and now it's a code again. And of course
i can do the same with the multi-line comments.